[DOCS-13737] Add API tracking section to Product Analytics landing page (#35929)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/product_analytics/_index.md

- [Track key user behavior patterns](#track-key-user-behavior-patterns)
- [Visualize user interactions](#visualize-user-interactions)

## Instrument your application

> Product Analytics collects data from client-side and server-side sources to give you a complete view of the users' journeys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product Analytics collects data from client-side and server-side sources to give you a complete view of user journeys.
```

Reviewer: Just tightening this up a small bit

> Product Analytics collects data from client-side and server-side sources to give you a complete view of the users' journeys.

Reviewer: I've left a note below with some more detail, but I think this page could benefit from a bit more clarity on server-side and client-side data collection and instrumentation. PANA seemingly collects client-side data essentially by default via the SDK setup, but the same isn't true for API/server-side, correct? If so, should server-side be framed more as an option that must be proactively instrumented and called using the API?

> To get started, instrument your application with the [SDK](#track-client-side-events-sdk) or the [API](#track-server-side-events-api), then [enable Product Analytics](#enable-product-analytics) in Datadog.

Reviewer: In the context of the rest of this page, it's unclear whether "or" is the right framing for how users should instrument the application. In several other places, there are references to PA collecting server-side AND client-side data (see https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/35929/changes#diff-b227d774b51a040c21125428accb3f99cbb41ffd915c10e8f9edd09918b33780R30 and https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/35929/changes#diff-b227d774b51a040c21125428accb3f99cbb41ffd915c10e8f9edd09918b33780R68). In that context, "and" seems potentially more appropriate here. 

Something else to consider for whether to use "or" here: I assume users can have client-side collection without server-side (since that's the historic behavior). What about server-side without client-side, is there a use case for that?

<div class="alert alert-info">Product Analytics uses the same SDKs and configuration as <a href="/real_user_monitoring/#what-is-real-user-monitoring">Real User Monitoring (RUM)</a>, and retains data for 15 months by default. See <a href="/data_security/data_retention_periods/">Datadog's data retention periods</a> for more information.</div>

### Track client-side events (SDK)

> Collect events from your users' devices, such as pageviews or button clicks, and send them to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect events, such as pageviews or button clicks, from your users' devices, and send them to Datadog.
```

Add the Datadog SDK to your application to start collecting user activity data. If you have already configured RUM, you do not need to instrument your application again for Product Analytics.

> If you do not have an application set up in Datadog yet, select your platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have an application set up in Datadog yet, follow the instructions for your platform:
```

Reviewer: Clarity suggestion

{{< img src="product_analytics/enable-product-analytics.png" alt="Enable Product Analytics from the Application Management page.">}}

## Understand your data

> Product Analytics collects client-side and server-side event data. For client-side data, Product Analytics uses three levels of RUM data: Sessions, Views, and Actions. For a full breakdown of RUM event types, see [Understanding the RUM Event Hierarchy][19].

Author: **NOTE**: I did not include anything about the server side in the intro here on purpose. I only mention that it is collected. 

I clarified the levels of RUM data for client-side since RUM collects more than 3 events and PA only uses those 3. 

Adding context about the server-side here might add additional context that would duplicate what is already mentioned under **Server-side events**.

Let me know if it'd be better to include additional context for server-side as well.

Reviewer: I think the way you presented the data types here generally works. Would it make sense in the list below to explicitly group the 3 client-side event types i.e. with a heading?

For this intro, this is another place where it might be helpful to call out that server-side data is only collected if the API is used.

: A view represents each page or screen a user visits within a session.

> **Actions**

Author: **NOTE**: For this section, **Actions**, I only removed a trailing space at the end. No other changes.

**Actions**
: An action is something a user does on a page, such as a click, tap, or scroll. Actions are automatically collected by the RUM SDK. When configuring features like [Funnels][4] and [Segments][6], you can select specific Actions as steps or filters. To see which Actions are available, open the [RUM Explorer][20] and filter by **Actions**. 

> 

Author: **Note:**  "Server-side events" is used as the definition term for consistency with the rest of the page. The bold **Server Events** in the body matches the UI label in the event picker.
